Update cloud.md (#73)
KI-labs/kaos: docs/getting-started/deploying-infrastructure/cloud.md

export TF_VAR_api_cpu_limit=<float> (default: 1.5)
```

### Cluster Location

> To control cluster and other resources location following variables are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following variables are available to control cluster and resource location.
```

```bash
export TF_VAR_project_location=<str> # (for example: us-west1-a)
export TF_VAR_project_region=<str> # (for example: us)
```

> * `project_location` specifies the location of cluster and network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `project_location` specifies the location of cluster and network
```
